Create a pencil machine with the behaviors described below.

Required elements
1. Pencil price must be a define and not hardcoded throughout the program. Changing the price of a pencil 
should only require changing the define and not anything else in the program.

2. Create a function to display any money amounts as a string containing $xx.yy where xx is the number of dollars 
and yy is the number of cents. Anywhere a money amount needs to be displayed by the program, this function
must be called. C++ library function to_string() must be used.

3. Create a function to buy pencils. This function should:
a) Not print anything or accept anything (no cins or couts) – everything is passed in/passed back
b) Check inventory level
c) Check if exact payment was entered or not
d) Check if enough change is already in the machine to give back change to the user. Money from the 
payment itself may not be used for providing change for the payment during the current transaction. 
For example, if the required payment is $6.00 and the user gives a payment of $10.00 and there is $2.00 
of change in the machine, then the machine should not accept the payment since $4.00 of change is 
required and the machine only contains $2.00 of change. Payment amount should be added to change 
level after change has been given.
e) Check if insufficient payment was given
f) Decrement inventory level and increment change level as needed.
g) This function will have a return type of boolean and a parameter that tells main() what happened/the 
status of the transaction. 
If true is returned, then 
  Pencils were sold and change was given (status)
  or
  Pencils were sold and exact payment was given and no change was needed (status)
else false was returned
  not enough inventory to complete purchase (status)
  or
  not enough change was available to complete the purchase (status)
  or
  the provided payment was insufficient (no sale took place) (status)
  or
  something unknown happened (status)
  
The values returned in the status variable should be enumerated to make your program more readable. For 
example, set your status variable to an enumeration of OK rather than a value of 0.


4. Create a function to handle the menu. Your menu should look like the menu in the video. It should print the 
menu and handle getting the user’s input. The call to the menu function should be in a conditional loop in 
main() so that the program will keep running until the user chooses to exit.

5. The variables for tracking the inventory level and change level will be declared in main() and will be passed to 
your function to buy pencils. You will need to pass those by reference so that the increments/decrements made 
in your buy pencils function continue to exist outside of the function. To facilitate uniform testing for the GTAs, 
please initialize inventory level to 100 and change level to 500 (500 cents which is $5.00 – we will not use floats 
to represent money – we will be using the number of cents).

6. Create a switch statement in main() that acts upon the menu choice returned by your menu handling 
function.

7. Based on the status returned by your buy a pencil function, main() should print the messages to the user.
